I can feel the holiday spirit Christmas
is coming whether we're ready for it or
not last night in Washington Nancy
Pelosi roasted the president's chestnuts
Democrats in the house made Donald Trump
only the third person president ever to
be impeached this morning he woke up on
the floor that's was tanning bed and
tweeted the words I got impeached last
night continue is not a single
Republican voted for impeachment which
means they either really love Donald
Trump or really hate Mike Pence I don't
know which but the debate went on well
into the night Trump was in Battle Creek
Michigan when the vote happened pepping
himself up with a rally and this is what
our president was talking about
while this historic impeachment vote was
coming in dishwashers dishwasher right
depressing
remember the dishwasher you press it
owned it'd be like an explosion five
minutes later you open it up the steam
pours out the dishes now you press it 12
times women tell me again you know they
give you four drops of water and they're
in places where there's so much water
they don't know what to do with it yeah
okay grandpa
I have to hang up the phone now women
tell me about the dish well what we
better tell him about the dishwasher
Trump also lashed out viciously at
representative Debbie Dingell from
Michigan Debbie Dingell is the widow of
a world war two veteran a longtime
Congressman John Dingell was very
popular
he died in February Trump last night at
the rally made joke suggesting that
congressman Dingell went to hell because
his wife voted for impeachment Trump
believes that since he graciously
allowed the flags of federal buildings
to be lowered to half-mast to honor John
Dingell his widow should have shown her
appreciation by voting not to impeach in
other words another quid pro quo is what
he isn't
he really doesn't seem to know what he's
what he did he did a lot of ranting and
raving last night so we slowed him down
to half speed for a shocking personal
revelation in tonight's episode of drunk
Donald Trump just under the wire the
president is so desperate for approval
right now this morning he replied to a
tweet that called him the best president
and ever even though this week was
posted in September of last year somehow
he found it 14 months later I don't
research the words best president ever
and that's when came up maybe has a
backlog those kind of that book but this
is it's like digging up old love letters
and go wow this chicks got the hots for
me this is the president's calendar for
the day his official calendar at 4:15
and 8:15 p.m. the president the first
lady deliver remarks at a Christmas
reception that's it no meetings all
tweeting today some seven nearly
forgotten Democrats took the stage here
in Los Angeles tonight for debate number
six and good luck to them because all
they're doing with these debates is
throwing fuel on the comedy Inferno
known as Mike Pence going watch that
debate I mean it was kind of hard to
watch
I mean those people were standing so far
on the left I thought that stage was
gonna flip over Democratic Party has
gone so far to the left I think that
stage is probably going about turnover
in that last debate I saw on TV those
people were standing so far on the Left
I thought that stage was gonna tip over
because people were standing so far on
the left side of that stage I thought it
was gonna tip over I mean those people
were standing so far on the left I
thought that stage was gonna tip over
that's what happens when they forget to
reboot him hopefully we'll get a little
break from all out next week hey I'm
Jimmy Kimmel give back this holiday
season in a fun way by my new book the
serious goose I wrote it and through it
all of my MA goes to children's
hospitals across the country or watch
another gaming video and don't help kids
it's up to you